SITK(tm) For LabVIEW(tm) Purchase Agreement 
Revised: April 13, 2008

Purchase of the Software Imaging ToolKit(tm) for LabVIEW(tm) (SITK(R) for LabVIEW(tm))
product entitles the registered end user to software support and upgrades as outlined below.

Term of contract:
This purchase contract will commence upon the delivery of the SITK(tm) for LabVIEW(tm)
product to the end user and will terminate one (1) calendar year after that date.

Support:
Support includes telephone and email support relating to the understanding and use of
the SITK(tm) for LabVIEW(tm) software package.  It does not include instruction on the
use of LabVIEW(tm) or any other software unless it is directly related to the SITK(tm)
for LabVIEW(tm) software.  Telephone support is generally available during the hours of
8:00AM to 6:00PM EST.  A reasonable attempt will be made to answer all email requests for
support within 24 hours.  This response may not necessarily entail a solution but will at
least be an acknowledgement of receipt of the request.  Actual solutions may take several
days or more depending on the nature of the problem.

Upgrades:
Maintenance includes electronic copies of all software releases issued at no cost.
This software will be distributed either via email or FTP site download.  If CDs are
required, a fee of $25 (plus shipping) will be charged to cover the cost of the CD.

Scope:
The SITK(tm) for LabVIEW(tm) product is sold with a single user license as outlined in
the licensing agreement shown during the installation.  In accordance with that agreement,
this purchase agreement is also valid for a single user.

Extension:
An SITK(tm) for LabVIEW(tm) Support and Maintenance Contract may be purchased separately
as an extension of this Purchase Agreement.  Please contact R Cubed Software
Consultants, LLC for more information.


R Cubed Software Consultants, LLC
820 Bunker Hill Avenue
Lawrenceville, New Jersey 08648
Phone: (609) 577-2811 or (215) 514-5132
Fax: (609) 392-7762
EIN# 22-3807856

LabVIEW is a trademark of National Instruments, Inc.,
Software Imaging ToolKit and SITK are trademarks of R Cubed Software Consultants, LLC
